[TATSUYA]
Magic.
At the start of the
21st century,
it was systemized as
an actual technology.
[TATSUYA] Those who
possess superior abilities
are known as
magic technicians, or magicians,
and are placed under the
watch of various nations.
[TATSUYA]
Among them,
magicians with the power
to repel an army.
and destroy a major
city in one strike,
were labeled
Strategic‐Class magicians.
They became symbolic
of a military force
that influences world affairs.
[MIYUKI]
Then came October 31st, 2095.
Unofficial Strategic‐Class magic
wiped out a naval base
and a fleet on the southern tip
of the Korean peninsula.
That day became known
as Scorched Halloween.
The world was shaken
by the debut of a new
Strategic‐Class magician.
[ANGIE]
Halt!
It's over,
Lieutenant Alfred Fomalhaut.
You might as well give up,
you know there's no escaping.
[ANGIE] What the hell
happened to you, Freddie?
You were given the
First‐Class Star code.
What on earth would make
you desert the unit?
You've also been
accused of committing
a series of grisly
murders in this town.
Using your pyrokinesis, no less!
You didn't really
do that, though, did you?
Please, Freddie! Answer me!
[gasps]
[ANGIE]
Pyrokinesis!
Lieutenant Alfred Fomalhaut.
By the power vested in
me as the Star's Commander...
...Under USNA Army
Criminal Law...
...I hereby execute you!
[gasps]
[TATSUYA] Does everyone here
have a drink in their hand?
When they said there was
going to be a farewell party,
I'll admit, this isn't
really what I had in mind.
But at least they
prepared a cake.
So, why don't we make toast?
Merry Christmas, guys.
[ALL]
Merry Christmas!
[ERIKA, MIZUKI]
Cheers to us!
Yeah.
[HONOKA sighs]
[HONOKA, SHIZUKU giggle]
[HONOKA]
I still can't believe it.
You're going to study abroad
in America, Shizuku?
It kinda seems like it
came out of nowhere.
Sorry. I know it's last minute,
but my father wouldn't let me
talk about it until now.
I'm honestly surprised you're
even allowed to go at all.
I mean, they usually don't
give magicians permission
to travel abroad.
[SHIZUKU] Right. But they're
letting me go anyway.
According to my father,
the reason is due to it being
a foreign exchange program.
[TATSUYA] When do you leave?
And how long are you gone?
At the beginning
of the New Year.
It'll be for three months.
Oh wow! You'll be gone
for a while, then.
So... where in America
are you going?
Here you go.
[LEO]
Mm?
[SHIZUKU]
Berkeley.
[MIZUKI]
Oh, not Boston?
[SHIZUKU] I guess the East
Coast is unstable these days.
That's right.
There's some uproar over
the "Humanist" thing.
It's been a pretty hot topic
in the news as of late.
First there were witch hunts,
and now there are
"magician hunts"?
They say history repeats itself,
but this is ridiculous.
By the way, Shizuku.
Do you know who's going to
be taking your place here?
All I heard is she's
a girl about my age.
[LINA sighs]
[LINA exhales]
‐‐[knocking]
‐‐[LINA] Hm?
[LINA]
Come in.
Excuse me, Commander.
Are you thirsty?
I brought milk tea.
Ben!
How wonderful, thank you.
You are more than welcome.
By the way, Commander.
Is everything ready
for your departure?
[LINA]
Yes, pretty much.
[CANOPUS] Good. Make sure you
use this time to forget about
your duties for a little
while and enjoy yourself.
It's not a vacation.
I'll be on a special mission.
I'm anxious, actually.
I've been assigned to
locate the suspected
Strategic‐Class magician.
I don't really do
undercover work, so why me?
I know my age
matches the profile...
But still...
There are so many others
who've gone through
specialized training.
It'll be fine.
If the target really is
whom we suspect it is,
we're talking about a
Strategic‐Class magician
who's responsible for
Scorched Halloween,
and is more dangerous
than a nuclear missile.
So I can see why HQ
would prioritize someone
with more fighting strength
over someone with spy training
when choosing their candidate.
Yeah, I get that, but it
still feels weird...
Well, think about
it this way, then.
The Commander's main duty
is earning the trust
of the suspect and trying
to throw them off balance.
[LINA] Yeah... That definitely
makes more sense.
Since my spycraft is pretty much
on the same level as an amateur.
[CANOPUS] And that's why I think
it's even more imperative that
you make a point of enjoying
yourself while you're there.
You're likely to
get any suspects
to let their guard down, too.
Yes, you make a good point.
I appreciate your
insight on this.
Ben, I'm leaving you to watch
the fort while I'm away.
There are deserters who
are still awaiting
well‐deserved punishment.
And tracking them down
would normally be my duty,
so I hate having to
make you do it, but...
...you're the only one
here that I truly trust
to take command
in my absence.
You can fully depend
on me, Commander.
I know you're not
leaving yet, but fly safe.
[MIYUKI] We understand,
Aunt Maya. Thank you.
We'll speak later.
Yes, of course...
And, Tatsuya?
[TATSUYA]
Yes , Ma'am?
USNA's military
magician organization, Stars,
is currently searching for
the Strategic‐Class magician
who recklessly released
Material Burst.
[MIYUKI gasps]
[MAYA giggles]
[MAYA]
So watch your back, Tatsuya.
Yes, I understand.
And with that said,
Happy New Year, you two.
Oh wow! Miyuki looks amazing,
doesn't she?!
Hey, Happy New Year, Tatsuya!
You look great!
That really suits you.
Happy New Year to you, as well.
That's flattering
on you, Honoka.
Man, Tatsuya, you were
born to wear that.
It's giving you some real
gangster boss vibes.
I look like Yakuza?
[HONOKA, MIZUKI giggle]
[LEO] Hm? Wait a sec.
Who is this guy?
This is the head priest
of Kyucho‐Ji Temple.
He's highly skilled in ninjutsu,
the famous
Master Yakumo Kokonoe.
He's my martial arts teacher.
It's a pleasure to meet you.
[GROUP chatters]
[YAKUMO] Hey, Tatsuya,
do you know who that is?
[TATSUYA]
No idea.
[YAKUMO] Maybe she's
a foreigner who thinks
what you're wearing is unusual.
What's wrong, Brother?
Is something over there
catching your eye?
Oh, she's pretty.
[TATSUYA] Not nearly as
pretty as you, though.
I don't think so.
I'm not going to let you
keep throwing me off
the scent like that.
That's not what
I'm trying to do.
I really believe that
you're more beautiful.
And besides, that's not why
I'm looking at her, anyway.
[MIYUKI giggles]
[MIYUKI gasps] Is there
something suspect about her?
[HONOKA, MIZUKI, LEO]
Hm?
[LINA gasps]
[ALL gasp]
I suppose you could say that.
I mean, that outfit
is rather peculiar.
[MIYUKI] Indeed.
But that's not all, is it?
[LINA sighs]
[SILVIA]
Welcome home!
[LINA]
Silvie, you're back already?
[SILVIA gasps]
[LINA]
What's the matter?
[SILVIA] Lina, why are
you dressed like that?
Oh, it's a Kimono.
In my attempt to
not stand out,
I did a little bit of
research on appropriate
Japanese attire for
visiting a shrine.
It took longer than I thought.
Does it look good on me?
Before I answer that question,
I have to ask you something.
Oh, of course. What is it?
When you were at the Shrine,
did you see any other girls
wearing outfits
similar to yours?
Huh. Now that you mention it,
I don't recall seeing anyone.
[SILVIA sighs]
[SILVIA] Listen up!
I'm gonna be honest here!
That getup was a
stupid thing to wear!
Huh?
[SILVIA gasps]
Don't be shocked!
[SILVIA] The only place you
might see clothes like that
is in fanservicey
animation or comics!
Where did you even get
the idea to wear that?!
I bet everyone was gawking
at you in that gaudy thing.
Come to think of it,
I did notice the target gave a
little smirk in my direction.
[SILVIA]
Commander.
Let's scratch the rest of
your schedule for today.
Instead, I'm going
to carefully explain
modern Japanese fashion trends
and how you're supposed
to be following them.
And I'll do it in a way...
...you can get it through
your thick skull.
Okay.
[ERIKA]
Hm...
[MIYUKI] Hi, everyone.
Sorry to keep you waiting.
[MIZUKI gasps]
That's the magical girl
from the shrine.
Tatsuya, I'll introduce you.
This is Angelina Kudou Shields.
She's the exchange student,
and she'll be in Class A
with us from now on.
Uh, Honoka, if you don't mind,
I'd feel more comfortable
if you introduced me
to everyone, and not just him.
Huh...? Ah! I'm so sorry!
Well, that's our Honoka for you.
She never changes, does she?
Why don't we start over.
This is Angelina. She arrived
here recently from America.
But, please, just call me Lina.
[ALL]
It's nice to meet you.
Nice to meet you, Lina.
Are you by any chance related to
His Excellency Kudou?
I heard his younger
brother traveled to America,
and remained there to build
a life and raise a family.
Goodness, you're very
well‐informed.
That happened quite
a long time ago.
But, my maternal grandfather was
General Kudou's younger brother.
It seems that link... is a
large part of the reason
I'm being allowed
to study here, now.
Miyuki, are you ready to start?!
I'm ready when you are.
You can do the countdown, Lina.
[LINA]
Three... two... one...
Go!
[grunts]
[MIYUKI grunts]
[AUDIENCE gasps]
[LINA gasps]
Aw! I lost again!
[MIYUKI] Heh. Looks like
I'm ahead by two, Lina.
[AUDIENCE chatters]
They were tied just
a little while ago.
If you looked closely,
the exchange student's casting
appeared to be slightly faster.
Yes. But Miyuki's Interference
was far superior to hers,
and she took control of the
spell before it was complete.
Was she prioritizing speed,
or power?
Instead of winning through
the use of ability,
I'd say she won
by pure strategy.
Miyuki! One more time!
[chuckles]
I'm definitely
gonna win this one!
[MIYUKI] Brother, do you think
Lina is...
Yeah. She's likely Angie Sirius.
The esteemed Commander
of Stars, USNA militaries.
The most powerful
magical force.
The question is‐‐
Wait, based on what
I've heard about her,
she's considered to be
USNA's secret weapon.
So why send her here?
Yes, exactly.
After watching her for a week,
I can tell Lina isn't
cut out to be a spy.
I'd guess the real spy
was acting independently.
But Sirius is too important
to use as a simple decoy.
No, assuming Lina is Sirius...
...a spy mission is
merely incidental.
The real mission
is something else.
A mission so important,
that USNA would send
Sirius overseas.
What could it possibly be?
[TATSUYA]
I don't know.
I have no idea what
USNA is thinking.
[LINA]
I'm back!
Hey there, Lina...
welcome home.
Wow, Mia!
You decided to drop by?
[MICHAELA]
Yes!
Pardon the intrusion... Major.
[LINA sighs]
Don't worry about it. Sit down!
Silvie, get us some tea, please.
[SILVIA]
Milk tea, right?
Would you like
another cup too, Mia?
U‐Uh, yes...
Thank you very much.
Now, about that
Strategic‐Class magician.
Did you manage to
find anything, Silvie?
I went through the entire
public database for a while,
but unfortunately I wasn't able
to find any new information.
Really? Nothing?
How about you, Mia?
You're undercover at
the magic University.
Have you heard anything?
No, I've still come up short.
I'm sorry.
And how about you, Lina?
Have you gotten friendly
with the target at all?
Yes. I believe it's fair to
say we're on good terms.
But I've learned
nothing of value, yet.
And I have a feeling my cover
will be blown before that.
Wait, did something happen?
Uh‐huh. In fact...
[TATSUYA]
By the way, Lina...
[LINA]
Yes?
When it comes to the
name Angelina,
don't people go by "Angie"?
Or am I mistaken?
[gasps]
Oh, no. You're right.
But the thing is...
...back in grade school there
was a girl named Angela
in my class,
but everyone would always
just call her Angie instead.
And that's why you chose
to start going by "Lina"
as opposed to "Angie"?
How interesting?
[MICHAELA gasps]
Perhaps it was a coincidence?
I have no idea. I really don't.
H‐Heh. Oh, it's fine.
I mean he's just a
high school student.
Even if he does suspect me,
there is no way I'll
let him trip me up.
[TATSUYA]
Lina...
Didn't expect you to be here.
[LINA] You're in Course 2,
right, Tatsuya?
That's correct.
[LINA] I was wondering
why your uniform
was different from
everyone else's in Class A.
Miyuki explained it to me,
though she seemed kind
of annoyed about it.
[LINA giggles]
But then, when I asked
Honoka afterwards,
she said that you
easily rose to the top
of your first year class.
That said, why do you pretend
to be an irregular student?
That, I'm not
pretending at all.
I really am an
irregular student.
The practical exam
grades three qualities:
your speed, your scope,
and of course, your strength.
However, in a battle,
victory and defeat aren't
ruled by the merits
of those things alone.
As far as practical exams go,
I'm a poor student,
but I'm a great fighter.
Aptitude for exams versus actual
combat are very different.
I have to say,
I agree with that opinion.
Instead of being just
a talented student,
I'd like to become a magician
who's also useful in combat.
[TATSUYA] Sounds like
your eager for a fight.
You catch on quickly.
I'm impressed.
[LINA grunts]
[TATSUYA grunts]
[gasps]
That was reckless.
[LINA grunts]
I figured you could dodge it.
[TATSUYA] Are you planning
to explain all this?
Yes, but only if...
you let me go, first.
In case you can't tell,
this hurts.
[LINA grunts]
Jeez, that'll leave a mark.
Excuse me, you tried to
put a hole in my face.
I think it's only natural
for you to get a little pain
in exchange for that.
I don't know why you're
being such a baby.
A clump of Psion Particles
is hardly lethal.
At worst, you'd only hallucinate
that you got shot with a gun.
And you don't think
I was justified
in getting a little
rough blocking it?
[LINA sighs]
Fine, have it your way.
You win, I surrender!
[LINA] Please forgive
my rudeness, Tatsuya.
I'm very sorry.
Forget it. And you can
stop being so polite.
Behaving like you're high class
doesn't seem like
the real you, Lina.
Are you insinuating that
I'm not "high class"?!
[TATSUYA]
Doesn't fit your nature.
[LINA grunts]
That's not true!
I was once personally invited
to tea with the president,
I'll have you know!
Oh, yeah?
[LINA gasps]
Only a few magicians ever
get to meet the president,
and you're one of them!
Well... whatever.
[LINA]
Hm?
You were trying to
test out my skill, Lina.
That's what it was, right?
Um, y‐yes.
It was simple curiosity.
Very well. Then let's
consider it satisfied.
And don't ever try to
test me again. Got it?
Aren't you going to ask?
About what?
Are you joking?
About who I
really am, obviously.
You were gonna ask, weren't you?
Yeah, I don't care.
[LINA gasps]
There are some things...
...that I find you're
better off not knowing about.
[LINA grunts]
You're the biggest jerk
I've ever met, Tatsuya.
[SILVIA]
Lina! Wake up!
[LINA gasps]
We have an emergency!
Go talk to Major Canopus!
[LINA]
Ben, what's going on?
[CANOPUS]
Last month,
we found out the location
of the deserters.
What the hell?
Are you kidding me?!
Where are they?!
[CANOPUS]
Japan.
Huh?
[CANOPUS] We believe they
made landfall in Yokohama
and are currently
lying low in Tokyo.
But.. why Japan? And why
in Tokyo, specifically?!
[CANOPUS] HQ has decided
the best course of action
at this time is to send an
additional pursuit team.
[LINA] Does the Japanese
government know about this?
[CANOPUS]
No, it's a covert operation.
Commander, I'm going to relay
the orders you've recieved
from HQ.
"The mission previously
given to Major Angie Sirius.
is now her second priority.
Her current primary objective
is to track down the fugitives."
[exhales]
Understood, Ben. Please relay
that to headquarters.
[CANOPUS] Roger that.
Be careful, Commander.
Over and out.
♪